So we know that this is working, that's really exciting, so we can get out of there by tapping anywhere
outside the dropdown.
OK, I get it is that when we click on about favorites or settings, we need to be taken to those respective
screens.
So where does that happen?
Well, all of that happens inside of this clickable because that's the clickable of the text.
Click ability of this text here, right?
So for that to work, really, I'm going to have to say nav controller.
All right, there we go.
Beautiful nav controller and say, navigate.
Make sure you get the correct right to string like this and then inside here.
We are going to check to see which one has been tapped and I'm going to use the when statement again
because it's just so helpful.
I'm going to pass the text.
So essentially, it's going to be exactly what we had here.
So let's be.
Just get.
That but instead of doing this, what I want to do is if we are if a powder has been leaked, we're
going to say whether screens and I'm going to about screen that name like this.
OK.
If favorites.
It's going to be the same thing, except we will change the route that we favor its screen.
Now, the case, we know it's going to be our settings screen.
So
now we don't have about screen, we don't have favorite screen, we don't have settings screen.
I don't think so.
Let's go and create the actual screen.
First of all, let's go to our navigation.
Make sure that we have those no, we have searched, we have everything else, but we don't have the
other ones, it's OK to eat first.
They about.
Let's go to our screens we're going to create.
A new package, even though about it's very simple, but I'm going to do again about an.
OK, it's going to be a composable.
OK, pass a knife controller in case this text.
For now
about.
OK, that's good.
And then.
And let's get settings.
Let's go and create another package.
Setting the screen composable.
It's always important to pass enough controller because we never know.
And then text.
That.
Let's import that.
And favorite screens, I believe.
Now you can see how easy things get because we we've set up the infrastructure before.
And now we don't have to suffer per se.
To get things.
Added.
OK, much simpler.
Another package for favorites.
Critic Composable.
Pass our nav controller.
Favourites.
There we go.
And let's go to Maine actually to navigation, important, our favorite screen record.
Now we are back in business.
Let's get rid of these for now.
And I believe if we run.
You know, let's see.
Quick, let's go about.
We go to about very good can just move this back if I click on settings, that settings are good, if
I go to favorites.
Nice.
OK.
It works.
OK, let's start with about because I think that is the simplest one.
So let's go open about screen.
And instead of that, we are going to add a let's see.
This is how about looks and it's very simple.
Nothing really out of this world.
So I'm just going to create, of course, add the app bar, which we already have.
And then some text very simple.
And let's do that.
So first, we are going to put a scaffold.
Such an added top bar.
Of course, then I'm going to put a surface here as a placeholder for now, and we get there, so let's
look at at a bar or top bar.
So I'm going to use the weather bar.
We have our nav controller that we need.
That's why we pass it around.
And before that, let's add a title.
And it's going to be about in the analyst pass and icon.
Which is why I say icons, defaults, arrow back and then is main screen.
Safe Falls is not my screen.
And now controllers there, OK, that's all good.
Then, of course, when the back arrows clicked and when I say NAF controller pop back stack like this?
OK, very good.
And now, you know, a surface here.
Nothing really much less safe feel.
Max, we'll have to pass modifier first.
Phil Max with.
And.
You know, Max Height.
And then we're going to add.
They call them just to organize things.
I would say horizontal alignment center or his is only.
The vertical arrangement also center.
And it was going to have a text.
And for this case, I'm going to actually say string resource like this, and I'm going to say are not.
Strain.
And let's go ahead and import this are.
And let's get half name, but actually, I'm going to use something else.
Let's see.
Say about half, right?
So I'm creating a string in our string resources.
Actually, I haven't created it, but it's always a good idea to add all your strings in our, you know,
values, strings like that.
OK.
So in this case, we don't have anything, but we can create it from here.
If I say option, enter.
Let's try again.
So create strong value resources, very good I can create from here, and this is going to be.
Weather app version zero.
Let's see where to see.
That one.
That's fine.
Say, OK.
They would go.
And while I hear, can you give us a little bit of style?
Biography subtitle.
And font weight.
Say bold like that.
OK.
And next, I'm going create this structure here.
And now you're going to be API used for having created this create a screen resource.
I have that resource there.
Just copy like this.
OK.
So really nothing worth talking about, really.
It's just very simple.
That's right.
And let's see what seems to be a problem in the experimental likely to change.
It looks like now it's complaining.
We need to add the experimental API now compose as well as here.
That's something that you just have to do.
Let's actually add this human activity like that.
OK, so we run.
All right, let's see.
Let's go to a boat and there we go.
Nothing too crazy, but it's working now.
All I can do, I can change instead of bold and say light.
Maybe that's better.
OK.
Hi, works, all right, very good.
And that is our about.